docs: recommend PG v13 or later (#8276)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/contributing/backend/overview.md

Before developing on this project you will need two things:

> - PostgreSQL 13.x+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PostgreSQL 13.0+
```

> - Node.js 20.x or newer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Node.js v20.0+
```

## PostgreSQL {#postgresql}

> To run and develop unleash, you need to have PostgreSQL database (PostgreSQL v13.x or newer) locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run and develop Unleash, you need to have PostgreSQL v13.0+ locally.
```

> Unleash currently also work with PostgreSQL v13+, but this might change in a future feature release, and we have stopped running automatic integration tests below PostgreSQL v13. The current recommendation is to use a role with Owner privileges since Unleash uses Postgres functions to simplify our database usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unleash currently also works with PostgreSQL v13.0+, but this might change in a future feature release, and we have stopped running automatic integration tests below PostgreSQL v13. The current recommendation is to use a role with Owner privileges since Unleash uses Postgres functions to simplify our database usage.
```
